Let's talk about data producers and data.
Entity data. They definitely have website and app that will generate some entity data.
They most likely will have some relational DB at the back end.
They will have some SaaS solution,
could be for HR, supply management,
finance, accounting, or marketing.
They might have Salesforce, Concur,
Oracle, ServiceNow, so on and so forth.
There are so many aspects of a business and multitude of
SaaS solutions out there, even data producers.
Again, as we have understood very well,
website and app will be generating some event data.
The equipments will also be generating event data.
They will be collecting data around consumption of their live classes,
and also how touch screens are used.
They will have an OLTP for their transaction.
They will also have OLAPs to analyze trends of
sales month over month or year over year across different regions in the US.
To manage their resources across different divisions such as sales,
marketing, supply chain, and operations,
they will have some type of ERP.
Reason why they are most likely to have an ERP is they are an exercise equipment company.
They wouldn't or shouldn't spend resources in
developing solution that are not unique to their space.
They should focus on their core business,
which is fitness and well-being.
CRM. In today's world,
where channels of advertising has grown,
it is hard to manage
all customer-related information across various touch points without a CRM.
You will have a social media presence on various platforms,
you might do e-mail campaigns,
you might run ads on fitness and well-being sites,
blogs, magazines, TV channel,
podcast or YouTube channels.
They are most likely to have CRM solution
to help them with their customer acquisition and retention targets.
What type of data does it have?
Short answer, all types.
To answer any of these question,
it'll be important to consider a few things.
What is overall success rate?
What is the first attempt success rate?
Why both of them are important?
We will discuss in next slide.
Similarly, overall failure rate and first attempt failure rate.
Also, what is the strategic implication of taking any of these decisions?
From the data provided,
we can create tables and calculate success and failure rates.
Hope you did calculate success rate and failure rate as I did.
Let us look at this data for a moment.
Start, stop, and incline have same overall success rate,
but incline has low first attempt success rate.
Stride length, program number,
and my program have much lower success rates.
Highest first attempt error rate is for program number,
and highest overall failure rate is for stride length.
Now let's answer our questions.
Clearly, start and stop commands have better success rates,
and they also have lowest overall failure rate and first attempt failure rate.
It will make sense to launch features that have minimum failure.
If you look beyond numbers,
this seems to be right set of an offering.
If we offered incline and stop in our first release,
it doesn't seem to be a cohesive set.
Also imagine getting on an exercise equipment and you say start,
and it greets you with a customized message.
This might be a great start of your workout.
Similarly, you say stop,
and it provides you with a summary with wonderful, encouraging message.
This will hopefully make you get more on that equipment.
Resistance and incline both have same first attempt success rate,
but overall success rate for incline is better.
If you have to pick one out of these two,
incline is definitely the better choice.
Highest error rate is in four word commands.
This might be pointing out that at NLP models,
natural language processing models,
are still not as robust as we would like them to be.
I would like my engineering team to work on my program command first.
Not only it has comparatively higher success rate,
but also it will be a great offering with just one command,
incline, resistance, and stride length are all set to your expectation.
Definitely a great customer experience.
Sometimes you have to drill through.
Even though stride length has high first attempt success rate,
it has high overall failure rate.
If we add all, our 90 percent customer give up after first attempt,
we should prioritize stride length,
because it has higher first attempt success rate.
But if we are told only 50 percent gave up and rest try second and third time,
we should prioritize program number,
because overall failure rate is lower for program number.